A default installation of Microsoft Exchange within an AD environment (with no split-administration model) is often granted considerable privileges within the domain (via users, groups, and ACLs). The group `Exchange Windows Permissions` is not listed as a protected group, but members are granted the ability to write a DACL to the domain object. This can be leveraged to give a user DCSync privileges. One can add accounts to this group by leveraging a DACL misconfiguration (possible) or by leveraging a compromised account that is a member of the Account Operators group. It is common to find user accounts and even computers as members of this group. Power users and support staff in remote offices are often added to this group, allowing them to reset passwords. This [GitHub repo](https://github.com/gdedrouas/Exchange-AD-Privesc) details a few techniques for leveraging Exchange for escalating privileges in an AD environment.

The Exchange group `Organization Management` (effectively the "Domain Admins" of Exchange) can access the mailboxes of all domain users. It also has full control of the OU called `Microsoft Exchange Security Groups`, which contains the group `Exchange Windows Permissions`.

The compromise of an Exchange server often leads to Domain Admin privileges. Additionally, dumping credentials from memory from an Exchange server produces numerous cleartext credentials or NTLM hashes. This is often due to users logging in to Outlook Web Access (OWA) and Exchange caching their credentials in memory after a successful login.
## PrivExchange
The `PrivExchange` attack results from a flaw in the Exchange Server `PushSubscription` feature, which allows any domain user with a mailbox to force the Exchange server to authenticate to any host provided by the client over HTTP.

The Exchange service runs as SYSTEM and is over-privileged by default (i.e., has `WriteDacl` privileges on the domain pre-2019 Cumulative Update). This flaw can be leveraged to relay to LDAP and dump the domain NTDS database. If we cannot relay to LDAP, this can be leveraged to relay and authenticate to other hosts within the domain. This attack will take us directly to Domain Admin with any authenticated domain user account.